Related to with array (#1367)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/search-and-query/search-and-query.md

}
```

The operator also supports multiple related entities as the searched value:

```json showLineNumbers
{
  "operator": "relatedTo",
  "blueprint": "myBlueprint",
  "value": ["myFirstEntity", "mySecondEntity"]
}
```

> This search will return all the entities that related to one of the identifiers in the value array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query will return all of the entities that are related to one or more of the identifiers in the value array.
```
